Well come on board of this course I'm really happy to have you as a student in this course.
This course is about avionic to a framework which builds up on angular to framework which of course
allows you to build awesome web applications to then take this angle or to knowledge to build awesome
native applications applications running natively on iOS or Android or Windows Phone devices.
Now and of course we're going to learn how that works which features ionic to offer you and how you
would go about creating such native apps.
Now I'm convinced the best way of learning this is a project driven approach.
Therefore we're going to build four applications in this course and each application is a full real
application and differ significantly from the average applications so that each application has its
own focus.
For example the built in components or how navigation works fetching user input and handling it using
forums using native device features like the camera or fetching user location or using device storage
or authentication and HTP access.
So a lot of features you're going to need in your real applications and therefore that is what we cover
here.
Real applications how you would do that.
And of course a lot more will cover the basics.
We will have assignments and math.
I can't wait to dive into that.
So let's get started by learning what I want to actually ask in the next lecture